CSM repository doc edits 2 - Pt.1 (#4362)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/user_data_collection/user_import.md

You can use Braze’s Cloud Data Ingestion to import and maintain user attributes. See [Cloud Data Ingestion][14] for more information.

> ## Lambda user CSV import

Reviewer: Is it more common for users to do the Lambda CSV import or just a standard CSV import? We should put the more common use case first.

You can use our serverless S3 Lambda CSV import script to upload user attributes to the platform. This solution works as a CSV uploader where you drop your CSVs into an S3 bucket, and the scripts uploads it via our API.

> Estimated execution times for a file with 1M rows should be around 5 minutes. See [User attribute CSV to Braze import]({{site.baseurl}}/user_csv_lambda/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimated execution times for a file with 1 million rows should be around 5 minutes. See [User attribute CSV to Braze import]({{site.baseurl}}/user_csv_lambda/) for more information.
```
